Translation corrections (#491)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_027.txt

//rそして、魅音とレナから遅れること、数分と数秒。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして、魅音とレナから遅れること、数分と数秒。",

> 			NULL, "Then, I arrived several minutes and seconds after Mion and Rena.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Then, I arrived several minutes or so after Mion and Rena.", Line_Normal);
```
